Change `TrainingDataImporter` to be sync (#9184)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/migration-guide.mdx

This page contains information about changes between major versions and
how you can migrate from one version to another.

> ## Rasa 2.x to 3.0

Reviewer: @melindaloubser1 Could you please give this a short review?

### Training data

`TrainingDataImporter` and all its implementations are updated to contain only synchronous methods.
If you have a custom data importer or rely on some functions provided by `TrainingDataImporter`, you need
to update your implementation and function calls.

> For example, this is how the data loading should look like in Rasa 3.0:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, this is what data loading should look like in Rasa 3.0:
```

```python
from typing import Text
from rasa.shared.importers.importer import TrainingDataImporter

def load_data(domain_path: Text, config_path: Text):
    file_importer = TrainingDataImporter.load_from_config(
        config_path, domain_path
    )
    # note that all the functions below were async before:
    config = file_importer.get_config()
    domain = file_importer.get_domain()
    stories = file_importer.get_stories()
    nlu_data = file_importer.get_nlu_data()
```

Since any custom importer implements `TrainingDataImporter`, you should update your custom
importer to contain only sync methods as well:

```python
from typing import Dict, Text

from rasa.shared.core.domain import Domain
from rasa.shared.importers.importer import TrainingDataImporter

class MyImporter(TrainingDataImporter):
    """Example partial implementation of a custom importer component."""

    # this function was async before
    def get_domain(self) -> Domain:

>         path_to_domain_file = self._custom_get_domain_file()
>         return Domain.load(path_to_domain_file)
> 
>     def _custom_get_domain_file(self) -> Text:
>         pass

Reviewer: optional: how about shortening that part as it's not of interest for this example?

```suggestion
        pass

    def _custom_get_domain_file(self) -> Text:
        pass
```

    # this function was also async before
    def get_config(self) -> Dict:

>         path_to_config = self._custom_get_config_file()
>         return rasa.utils.io.read_config_file(path_to_config)
> 
>     def _custom_get_config_file(self) -> Text:
>         pass

Reviewer: same as above
```suggestion
        pass
```
